I am a feminist communist other can not
mine area a sexual youtuber hmm I wonder
why I'm unlikable geez slime booting up
online dating profile for the following
user must love she goes
oh hey beautiful thanks for taking the
time to watch this video I really
appreciate it I'm Danny's right after
that I just wanted you to know that I
was ok ok i fucking love years I'm not
crazy ok I'm not crazy ok I'm well
adjusted and I respect when an ok not a
feminist not a big deal daddy everybody
except for me you know ok so let me tell
you a little bit about myself and you
can decide I'm the right mate for you ok
first thing off I'm not clingy good not
a psycho stalker ok I'm not a fucking
psycho all right ok let's say let's say
you me going on a date right drawn a bit
goes really well at the end of the day
you give me the whole blog I'm your
cousin which obviously means you love me
so I Drive home thinking about you in
the drive home you know I almost get my
three car wrecks cuz I can't stop
thinking about you you know I get home
how much texture I'm not texting right
now ok bye texture I say hey we won in
the next day i love you i love you
exhale exhale exhale let me back alive
you going on babe and don't respond I
think okay probably busy probably busy
i'll be i'll text her one more time give
it one more time just one more text and
then general response probably not
interested that's cool so I text you
again you don't respond i'm like okay i
can take the hair because i'm not easy
ok so you don't listen I'm sometimes on
my all right in their backup you know I
mandir all they're doing is you're
finding where you live again on your
house god I'm gonna kill the dog ok and
they know I'm a dark I'm gonna let you
do you i'ma do me you do you ok ok so
now that you know a little bit about me
here's why I'm looking for a potential
partner all right you must be a female
obviously I mean I'm not gay I me wrong
gay people are cool but I'm not yay I
love pussy all right and what else God
be between the ages of 18 and 19 either
Caucasians location you've gotta love
anime ok I fucking love anime and you
gotta love anime maybe the past play for
me and Oscar language Neon Genesis even
building oh I have sex related only way
I can get a record all right well I
guess that's it thanks for taking the
time to watch this video really
appreciate it um so I guess there are
some last words just please be my
girlfriend okay just please be my
girlfriend or fucking kill myself okay
I'm fucking kill myself if you won't be
my girlfriend all right bye
ah